Create 2021-01-14-olivia-guest.md (#32)
USRSE/rse-stories: _posts/2021-01-14-olivia-guest.md

---
layout: post
title: "Teach People How to Code"
author: "@pweschmidt"
rse: "Olivia Guest"
excerpt: "Olivia Guest is a computational cognitive modeller. She is also a prolific publisher and blogger. In this episode we discuss, amongst other things, two of her catchy blog posts. "
date: 2021-01-14 8:30:00
external_media: https://us-rse.org/rse-stories-episodes-1/2021/rse-stories-olivia-guest-episode-48.mp3 
length: 11458477
duration: "00:23:53"
explicit: "no"
resources:
  - name: Olivia's Homepage
    url: https://oliviaguest.com
  - name: Olivia's Tweets
    url: https://twitter.com/o_guest 
  - name: Neuroplausible Blog
    url: https://neuroplausible.com
--- 

[Olivia Guest](https://oliviaguest.com) is a cognitive scientist and computational cognitive modeller at the [Donders Centre for Cognitive Neuroimaging](https://www.ru.nl/donders/) at Radboud University, Netherlands.

> Many may also know Olivia from her popular blog post [Neuroplausible](https://neuroplausible.com). In this episode Olivia takes us through her journey to become a computational scientists. We also discuss two of her blog-posts with the catchy titles of [I hate Mathlab](https://neuroplausible.com/matlab) and [Why Women in Psychology Can't Program](https://neuroplausible.com/programming). Creating a level playing field in computing for people from different backgrounds requires us to rethink the way we teach computing and build up problem solving skills. As Olivia says: 'teach them how to code'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many may also know Olivia from her popular blog post [Neuroplausible](https://neuroplausible.com). In this episode Olivia takes us through her journey to become a computational scientists. We also discuss two of her blog-posts with the catchy titles of [I hate Matlab](https://neuroplausible.com/matlab) and [Why Women in Psychology Can't Program](https://neuroplausible.com/programming). Creating a level playing field in computing for people from different backgrounds requires us to rethink the way we teach computing and build up problem solving skills. As Olivia says, "Teach them how to code."
```
